Describe banned process instance concept (#5736)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/zeebe/technical-concepts/internal-processing.md

For example, when the **Complete Job** command is processed, it does not just complete the job; it also writes the **Complete Activity** command for the corresponding service task.
This command can in turn be processed, completing the service task and driving the execution of the process instance to the next step.

## Unexpected error handling

When the workflow engine encounters an unexpected error while processing a command, it rejects the command.
If the command is related to a process instance, it additionally publishes an error event, applying it to the state machine.
As a result, the process instance is banned from the workflow engine, while it's data remains accessible.

### Banned process instance

Banning the process instance is a safety mechanism to safeguard against incorrect execution of the process and to prevent a single error from jamming the entire partition's stream processor.

- The workflow engine skips commands that are applicable to executing a banned process instance.
- A banned process instance will not continue to execute. There is no way to continue the execution of a banned process instance.

> - You can still cancel a banned process instance, as commands related to canceling a banned process instance are not skipped.

Author: >is more important than the fact that the engine skips any commands related to the instance.

I guess that depends on the context. This page is about internal processing. But I understand your idea. Let me run with them a bit

> - The workflow engine skips commands that are applicable to executing a banned process instance.
> - A banned process instance will not continue to execute. There is no way to continue the execution of a banned process instance.
> - You can still cancel a banned process instance, as commands related to canceling a banned process instance are not skipped.

Author: @remcowesterhoud What do you think of this:

```suggestion
Banning the process instance is a safety mechanism to safeguard against incorrect execution of the process and to prevent a single error from jamming the entire partition's stream processor.

- A banned process instance will not continue to execute. 
- A banned process instance cannot be recovered.
- You can still cancel a banned process instance.

Internally, the workflow engine skips commands that are applicable to executing a banned process instance.
Commands related to canceling a banned process instance are not skipped.
```

> - You can still cancel a banned process instance, as commands related to canceling a banned process instance are not skipped.

Reviewer: I like it 👍

## Unexpected error handling

When the workflow engine encounters an unexpected error while processing a command, it rejects the command.
If the command is related to a process instance, it additionally publishes an error event, applying it to the state machine.
As a result, the process instance is banned from the workflow engine, while it's data remains accessible.

### Banned process instance

Banning the process instance is a safety mechanism to safeguard against incorrect execution of the process and to prevent a single error from jamming the entire partition's stream processor.

- The workflow engine skips commands that are applicable to executing a banned process instance.
- A banned process instance will not continue to execute. There is no way to continue the execution of a banned process instance.

> - You can still cancel a banned process instance, as commands related to canceling a banned process instance are not skipped.

Author: 👍 Thanks for the improvements @mesellings Looks great!
